README.md, before:

# HipChat

A Clojure library for the HipChat API V2

https://www.hipchat.com/docs/apiv2/auth

## Clojars

```
[hipchat-clj "0.1.1"]
```

## Usage

Get an auth token from HipChat.

```clojure
(ns your-ns
  (require [hipchat.core :as hc]))
(hc/set-auth-token! "YOURHIPCHATAPITOKEN")
```

You can wrap all functions in a with-token macro if you want to pass your auth
token explicitly into a request

```clojure
(hc/with-token "YOURTOKEN"
  (hc/rooms))
```

## Rooms

List all rooms

```clojure
(hc/rooms))
;; => [{:id 325478, :links {:self "https://api.hipchat.com/v2/room/325478"}, :name "forward"}]
```

Get a single room

```clojure
(hc/room "music"))
```

Create a new HipChat room

```clojure
(hc/create-room "Product ideas")
```

Send a message to a hipchat room

```clojure
(hc/message "startups" "Hi @user. How are you?")
;; An optional params hash can be passed in to set the color of the hipchat message
;; See the API docs for other params that can be passed in
(hc/message "startups" "Hi @user. How are you?" {:color "red"})
```

## License

Copyright © 2013 FIXME

Distributed under the Eclipse Public License, the same as Clojure.

Commit message:

Document the send-message-to-room function

README.md, after:

# HipChat

A Clojure library for the HipChat API V2

https://www.hipchat.com/docs/apiv2/auth

## Clojars

```
[hipchat-clj "0.1.1"]
```

## Usage

Get an auth token from HipChat.

```clojure
(ns your-ns
  (require [hipchat.core :as hc]))
(hc/set-auth-token! "YOURHIPCHATAPITOKEN")
```

You can wrap all functions in a with-token macro if you want to pass your auth
token explicitly into a request

```clojure
(hc/with-token "YOURTOKEN"
  (hc/rooms))
```

## Rooms

List all rooms

```clojure
(hc/rooms))
;; => [{:id 325478, :links {:self "https://api.hipchat.com/v2/room/325478"}, :name "forward"}]
```

Get a single room

```clojure
(hc/room "music"))
```

Create a new HipChat room

```clojure
(hc/create-room "Product ideas")
```

Send a message to a hipchat room

```clojure
(hc/message "startups" "Hi @user. How are you?")
;; An optional params hash can be passed in to set the color of the hipchat message
;; See the API docs for other params that can be passed in
(hc/message "startups" "Hi @user. How are you?" {:color "red"})
```

Send an HTML message to a room:

```clojure
(hc/send-message-to-room 325478 "Hello from <b>Clojure</b>" :color "purple")
```

Send a text message to a room:

```clojure
(hc/send-message-to-room 325478 "Hello from Clojure" :message_format "text")
```

Valid options are:

* `color`: yellow, red, green, purple, gray, random (default: 'yellow')
* `notify`: true, false - whether or not to notify the users in the room (default:
  false)
* `message_format`: html, text

See the [Hipchat API v2
documentation](https://www.hipchat.com/docs/apiv2/method/send_room_notification)
for details of the options.

## License

Copyright © 2013 FIXME

Distributed under the Eclipse Public License, the same as Clojure.
